Description of Project: 
Our project will be a digital planner that will be used by people to plan different areas of their life. We will have a homepage that will have a general calendar for the month we are in and then also a general to-do list for items you need to get done but do not have an exact date yet. We will then have another page that has your weekly planner where you can put your daily to-do list for each day of the week and also list your goals for the week. We also want to include some additional functionality for this planner and have many choices but two we are thinking of are habit trackers where the user can track healthy habits they are trying to improve and also a shopping list to track items they need to buy. We will also add more pages and functionality depending on how we are doing with time. We will structure our database scheme by having collections including components for the home page including navigation bar and a general to-do list. Then for our weekly planner we would have a header component for each day of the week and date, a daily to-do list component, and an events component. The data this collection will store will be the tasks, date it was created, and a due date, and whether it was completed. For our habit tracker, we would have a habit table component, then have a habit row component that specifies the specific date we are checking the habit off for, and then also a header component to show you the specific habit we are tracking. The data this collection will store will include the habit name, date, and if it was completed. The project will evolve as we start to see how long things take, but this will be where we start!
Group members: Kelly Ryoo (kyr5), Arianna Curillo (asc327)
Github repo: https://github.com/kelly-ryoo/trends-finalproj